[Feature] COW back_urls integration explanation notes (#782)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/latest/advanced-integration.en.md

At the end of the payment process, you have the option to **redirect the buyer to your website.**
For this, `back_urls`are used. This redirection can be automatic through the `auto_return` attribute or a link that allows returning to the seller's website.

> NOTE
>

> > Nota

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note
```

>

> > Ten en cuenta que las `backs_urls` solo funcionan para redirect y mobile. No al usar modo modal, como se detalla en el siguiente [link](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/integration/) para volver al sitio toma la URL del `form action`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the `backs_urls` only work for redirect and mobile mode. Not using [modal mode](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/integration/), since to return to the site take the URL of the `form action`.
```
